Scripts mostly taken from Pete, and also from the forums. For easy access and reference.

TOC

Alignment: Several scripts to assist in alignment as of M9. Store scripts make files using the Affine transformation while
TransferObjects uses the stored file in the Affine folder with the current image name to move objects into it.
The final result is that one set of files can be generated for the transforms, and those transforms can be accessed to move objects
back and forth between the images.

Change annotations into Cell objects.groovy - Converts annotations into PathCellObjects, which allows certian functions to work within
them, namely Subcellular detection.

Change some annotations into detections.groovy - Similar to above, except with generic detections.
Change some annotations into detections 0.2.0M11.groovy - updated

Copying annotations between images.groovy - Two scripts to save and restore annotations using a separate file.

Create cells from detections.groovy - allows editing of base nuclei, then use those ROIs to create a cell with cell expansion

Create detection objects from annotations.groovy - Another version of creating detection objects, with a few other options (bounding box)


Force update selected annotation.groovy - Updates a single annotation in the case when the cells within it are not considered child objects.

Lock all annotations.groovy

Merge touching detections.groovy - what it says! Similar to mergeSelectedAnnotations() command.

Mirroring objects.groovy - Creating a mirror image object (or other transformations)

Object Subtraction.groovy - Performing subtraction between two objects (to create holes, for instance)

Points to detections conversion.groovy - Change point annotations into detections

Polyline to polygon.groovy - convert a polyline into a closed polygon. No holes.1

Rename annotations and modify annotation lists.groovy - Mass renaming. Creates a subset of a list and incrementally names annotations. 

Rings around an annotation.groovy - Create bands around an annotation, for example stroma within X um, 2X um, 3X um etc of a tumor

Rotate all annotations.groovy - Another transformation to rotate annotations, partial tissue alignment when overlaying a QPDATA file.

Set all TMA cores to valid.groovy - Newly added cores, through the TMA menu, will not be "valid" and will be ignored. This will fix that.

Set TMA cores to valid if tissue area over threshold.groovy - Same but runs simple tissue detection and chooses which TMA cores to set
as valid based on the area of tissue detected.

Split annotations into contiguous areas.groovy - And version 2, two ways to split annotations.

TMA-add cell measurements by class.groovy - Adds percentage by class, and cells/mm^2 to the TMA core for every existing cell class

Tumor invasion areas 0.2.0.groovy - uses the tissue border and tumor annotation to generate regions of increasing distance from tumor border

Update detections in annotations.groovy - Another version of Force update selected annotation.groovy that works for multiple annotations.

Use points to create cells.groovy - https://gist.github.com/Svidro/ffb6951e70187de5eb007290f61aea4a#file-use-points-to-place-cells-groovy
Duplicate entry.